ksqlDB Session windows (#36) (#91)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/session-windows/ksql/markup/dev/set-properties_offset.adoc

> Now that you have stream with some events in it, let's start to use them. The first thing that we'll do is ensure that the timestamp that KSQL will use for our time-based aggregation is the one that we expect. KSQL's timestamp is exposed as a column called `ROWTIME` and we can compare this to our declared `timestamp` column; they should match. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have stream with some events in it, let's start to use them. The first thing that we'll do is ensure that the timestamp that ksqlDB will use for our time-based aggregation is the one that we expect. ksqlDB's timestamp is exposed as a column called `ROWTIME`, and we can compare this to our declared `timestamp` column; they should match. 
```
